Let's take a look at the solution to the exercise where we created
a snapshot of an EBS volume from a running EC2 Instance.
So let's go to EC2 here under the Management Console,
making sure that I'm in Northern Virginia, of course.
I can go to Instances,
I'm going to launch an Instance.
Amazon Linux configure details at storage,
eight gig general purpose SSD,
I'm going to go ahead and launch.
So let's wait for our new Instance to launch.
Great, so we've got instance that's up and running in a Northern Virginia region,
us-east-1, an availability zone b.
So we've got our instance running,
what we're going to do now is we're going to stop our Instance.
While we're stopping it, let's just make a note of the Instance ID so we can
identify it under our Elastic Block Storage Menu.
Normally what I do is I just look at the last six or so characters.
So we've got 90c0fd.
Now let's browse over here to volumes and we're looking for
the eight gig GP2 volume that's attached to 90c0fd.
So that is the top volume here.
Under actions, we're just going to create
a snapshot and we're going to call it another database backup.
This environment is going to be our dev environment,
and we're going to create a snapshot,
which is just basically a backup of
our development database that's running on
that Instance or that was running on that Instance.
Just want you to know that you don't have to stop an Instance to create a snapshot.
But in this case,
because I did stop the Instance,
that would be an indication that I'm going to attach
a different Instance or something of that nature.
So to attach or detach an Instance,
again, select an attach and detach.
So thanks for completing the exercise.